10/4:

The point I want to make with my objective is that I want to help advance humanity into the future. I want to work at a company which makes a futuristic product - pushing the limits of technology. My interests are robotics, drones, space exploration, and environmental technology.

I also want to acknowledge I lack experience in some required techonology. I have little microprocessor and circuitry experience. But I can obviously learn that shit. Maybe emphasize physics background.

0. Software developer searching for opportinuty to use computer science, engineering, and physics skills to meaningfully advance the technology of the human race. Technology does not advance itself, it comes with incredible challanges, and I want to do my part. Fields of interest include robotics, space exploration, drones, and environmental technology. I acknowledge my lack of experience with hardware and electrical engineering, as they are critical in the listed fields. However, I emphasize my passion for physics and understanding the physical world, and my eagerness to learn anything necessary to get the job done. 

Problems with version 0:
	- Too long?
	- Clunky phrasing
	- Use of "I"
	- Doesn't get the point across as well as I'd like.

Goals for version 1:
	- Remove use of "I"
	- Try to explain myself better - rework.
	- Do I start with "Software engineering searching..." - it's so stock. 

10/21

I want to say my goal is to be a part of the technological advancement of humanity. You know, the moon landing, the internet; the future being drones, mars, space, robots, AI, etc. I want to use my computer engineering skills to do as much as I can to contribute to any company making any of the above things with the ultimate goal of human technological advancement. Meaningful technological advancement; meaning, not twitter, social media, sales, customer management, music, or whatver. You know, like stuff that's actual tight, for one, but also futuristic, you know? How do I say this???

How can I say this in the most effective, and shortest, way possible? while including an awknowledgement of my past experience and lack of hardware knowledge. 

3 things to include:

1. I want to contribute my skills to the technological advancement of humanity.
2. Previously, I haved worked on random computer bullshit (Although, I could tweest my refinery business to be, at least, some real world shit).
3. Awknowledge no EE or mechanical engineering experience.

My first draft isn't half bad, but I can do better fersher. 

What do I call myself? 

1. Software Engineer	1
2. Software Developer
3. Developer
4. Computer Engineer
5. Coder
6. Programmer
7. Computer Programmer
8. Software Programmer	2

Why software engineer? Because developer sounds amateur, I guess. That's the only reason really. Is software engineer accurate? Yes. Also, engineer implies a broader scope than developer. Which is something I would like to distinguish about myself. 

Well then, the first 2 words of my objective are ready to go: Software engineer.

Now the real challenge begins. What word do I use for "looking"?

1. Trying (to)	X
2. Searching (for)X
3. Looking (for)X
4. Seeking?	X
5. in... 	X
6. interested	
7. curious (in)	X
8. eager (to, for)1

At the same time, what is the above transition word leading in to? Let's say I use "eager," then we have, "Software engineer eager to..." what? "...find an opportunity"? I would like this to lead directly into 'advancement of humanity'-type talk.

Something like, "Software engineer eager to find way to contribute programming and engineering skills to business directly involved in the meaningful technological advancement of humanity." This is not good enough, but you (I) get the idea. 
10/27

Looking back at my last submission it's not half bad. To review its

"Software engineer eager to find way to contribute programming and engineering skills to business directly involved in the meaningful technological advancement of humanity with special interest in technologies which move in physical space." 

Possibly add, " - fields include robotics, drones, artificial intelligence, aerospace, exploration, biomedical, etc."

Would make draft 1:

"Software engineer eager to find way to contribute programming and engineering skills to the meaningful technological advancement of humanity - fields include robotics, drones, artificial intelligence, environmental, aerospace, biomedical, and exploration."

I like it, gonna put it in.

WAIT! In my previous draft my objective started with "technology doesn't advance itself." It's a hook, and I think a hook is a great idea. Should I leave it as-is? Maybe. If I left it I'd have,

"Technology doesn't advance itself. Software engineering eager to find way to contribute programming and engineering skills to the meaningful technological advancement of humanity - fields include robotics, environmental technology, drones, biomedical, artificial intelligence, aerospace, and exploration."

I'm sold (for now). 
